So Latika you can customize these messages directly.
You can see we have lottery system dollars and we have free shipping.
So maybe you want to display something like free shipping three days and flat rate one great one day
of shipping something like that.
So let's up in the United States this year on every and frankly to what are going to be the flat rate.
And this is a mismatch that you can see right here.
So we're going out flat rate you receive your products in the said something charterers maybe when they
ship in something like that save changes and then the free shipping we're going add something like three
day shipping shipping save these and now you can open the checkout and then you can see we have flat
rate one day shipping and $10 and the free shipping three days.
So maybe a person is trying to buy these and they don't mind to spend $10.
In the case that they received they're probably in the next day.
So it's nice to have both options.
So finally in the next video we're going to start working with the other ship in essence here you can
see we've set up North America sort of started working with those in the mix media.